&hourly= include
temperature_2m true
relative_humidity_2m true
precipitation_probability true
rain false
showers false
snowfall false
snow_depth false
weather_code false
pressure_msl false
surface_pressure true
cloud_cover true
cloud_cover_low false
cloud_cover_mid false
cloud_cover_high false
visibility false
evapotranspiration false
et0_fao_evapotranspiration false
vapour_pressure_deficit false
wind_speed_10m true
wind_speed_80m false
wind_speed_120m false
wind_speed_180m false
wind_direction_10m false
wind_direction_80m false
wind_direction_120m false
wind_direction_180m false
wind_gusts_10m false
temperature_80m false
temperature_120m false
temperature_180m false
soil_temperature_0cm false
soil_temperature_6cm false
soil_temperature_18cm false
soil_temperature_54cm false
soil_moisture_0_to_1cm false
soil_moisture_1_to_3cm false
soil_moisture_3_to_9cm false
soil_moisture_9_to_27cm false
soil_moisture_27_to_81cm false
uv_index false
uv_index_clear_sky false
is_day false
cape false
freezing_level_height false
sunshine_duration false false
shortwave_radiation false
direct_radiation false
diffuse_radiation false
direct_normal_irradiance false
global_tilted_irradiance false
terrestrial_radiation false
shortwave_radiation_instant false
direct_radiation_instant false
diffuse_radiation_instant false
direct_normal_irradiance_instant false
global_tilted_irradiance_instant false
terrestrial_radiation_instant false
temperature_1000hPa false
temperature_975hPa false
temperature_950hPa false
temperature_925hPa false
temperature_900hPa false
temperature_850hPa false
temperature_800hPa false
temperature_700hPa false
temperature_600hPa false
temperature_500hPa false
temperature_400hPa false
temperature_300hPa false
temperature_250hPa false
temperature_200hPa false
temperature_150hPa false
temperature_100hPa false
temperature_70hPa false
temperature_50hPa false
temperature_30hPa false
relative_humidity_1000hPa false
relative_humidity_975hPa false
relative_humidity_950hPa false
relative_humidity_925hPa false
relative_humidity_900hPa false
relative_humidity_850hPa false
relative_humidity_800hPa false
relative_humidity_700hPa false
relative_humidity_600hPa false
relative_humidity_500hPa false
relative_humidity_400hPa false
relative_humidity_300hPa false
relative_humidity_250hPa false
relative_humidity_200hPa false
relative_humidity_150hPa false
relative_humidity_100hPa false
relative_humidity_70hPa false
relative_humidity_50hPa false
relative_humidity_30hPa false
cloud_cover_1000hPa false
cloud_cover_975hPa false
cloud_cover_950hPa false
cloud_cover_925hPa false
cloud_cover_900hPa false
cloud_cover_850hPa false
cloud_cover_800hPa false
cloud_cover_700hPa false
cloud_cover_600hPa false
cloud_cover_500hPa false
cloud_cover_400hPa false
cloud_cover_300hPa false
cloud_cover_250hPa false
cloud_cover_200hPa false
cloud_cover_150hPa false
cloud_cover_100hPa false
cloud_cover_70hPa false
cloud_cover_50hPa false
cloud_cover_30hPa false
windspeed_1000hPa false
windspeed_975hPa false
windspeed_950hPa false
windspeed_925hPa false
windspeed_900hPa false
windspeed_850hPa false
windspeed_800hPa false
windspeed_700hPa false
windspeed_600hPa false
windspeed_500hPa false
windspeed_400hPa false
windspeed_300hPa false
windspeed_250hPa false
windspeed_200hPa false
windspeed_150hPa false
windspeed_100hPa false
windspeed_70hPa false
windspeed_50hPa false
windspeed_30hPa false
winddirection_1000hPa false
winddirection_975hPa false
winddirection_950hPa false
winddirection_925hPa false
winddirection_900hPa false
winddirection_850hPa false
winddirection_800hPa false
winddirection_700hPa false
winddirection_600hPa false
winddirection_500hPa false
winddirection_400hPa false
winddirection_300hPa false
winddirection_250hPa false
winddirection_200hPa false
winddirection_150hPa false
winddirection_100hPa false
winddirection_70hPa false
winddirection_50hPa false
winddirection_30hPa false
geopotential_height_1000hPa false
geopotential_height_975hPa false
geopotential_height_950hPa false
geopotential_height_925hPa false
geopotential_height_900hPa false
geopotential_height_850hPa false
geopotential_height_800hPa false
geopotential_height_700hPa false
geopotential_height_600hPa false
geopotential_height_500hPa false
geopotential_height_400hPa false
geopotential_height_300hPa false
geopotential_height_250hPa false
geopotential_height_200hPa false
geopotential_height_150hPa false
geopotential_height_100hPa false
geopotential_height_70hPa false
geopotential_height_50hPa false
geopotential_height_30hPa false